docs: added tax-inclusive conceptual guide and updates to storefront guide (#8186)
medusajs/medusa: www/apps/resources/app/commerce-modules/pricing/tax-inclusive-pricing/page.mdx

export const metadata = {
  title: `Tax-Inclusive Pricing`,
}

# {metadata.title}

In this document, you’ll learn about tax-inclusive pricing and how it's used during prices calculation.

## What is Tax-Inclusive Pricing?

> A tax-inclusive price is an amount taxes is calculated from rather than added to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tax-inclusive price includes taxes and the tax amount is calculated from the price rather than added to it.
```

Author: The sentence repeats "includes" and "taxes" a lot 😅 how about:

```
A tax-inclusive price is a price that includes taxes. The tax amount is calculated from the price rather than added to it.
```

Reviewer: Sounds good 😄
